You are not reliable today.
Can you be Mr. Xu's girlfriend?
Not only will it allow us to return to being an entrepreneur
It can also give you a better life
How could you refuse?
uncle
I admit what I did before
Make you feel reliable
But as soon as you believe me
I'm back this time
Be sure to take good care of the stars and the full moon
Ouch, ouch, that's funny, Longjing Tian
Don't you open your dog eyes to see
What are you wearing?
How do you take care of your wife and children?
No aunt
My dress is made of a special material.
It can be preheated and cold-proof.
Can resist knives and guns
This dress is expensive.
One piece of clothing can buy 3 villas
Yo Yo Yo
Long Jingtian, have you watched too many TV dramas?
Such awesome clothes make you such a trash wear them?
Exactly.
Longjingtian, don't we know how many taels you weigh?
You still know each other
Go where you came from
Don't delay Ye Fan's new climb
Auntie, I'm not leaving
I said I would stay with the stars
I want to make up for him
Don't you just want to be with Nong Shuai?
Is there a chance to meet?
I can give it to you.